To Read:
Groovy Advances OO
http://groovy.codehaus.org/Advanced+OO
http://groovy.codehaus.org/Groovy+way+to+implement+interfaces
...

Got this error running AllTests:
Failed to create Script instance for class: MultiplierTest.  Reason: java.lang.InstantiationException:  MultiplierTest.
But if we run MultiplierTest by itself, there is no output at all.

Questions and Exercises  Nested Classes (The Java™ Tutorials ) Learning the Java Language ) Classes and Objects).htm

Questions and Exercises: Interfaces.  Questions 1:
What methods would a class that implements the java.lang.CharSequence interface have to implement? 
Our answers: All.  The Answer lists them.

Java

Regular Expressionses

Instances of the Pattern class are immutable and are safe for use by multiple concurrent threads. Instances of the Matcher class are not safe for such use.

Special non-capturing contructs like (?<=X) mean X, via zero-width positive lookbehind.

Unicode

\p{prop} specifies a unicode block
\p{InMongolian}  for the Mongolian language.

The supported categories are those of The Unicode Standard in the version specified by the Character class. 
http://www.unicode.org/unicode/standard/standard.html
The category names are those defined in the Standard, both normative and informative. The block names supported by Pattern are the valid block names accepted and defined by UnicodeBlock.forName.



Groovy

Grape (The Groovy Adaptable Packaging Engine or Groovy Advanced Packaging Engine) is the infrastructure enabling the grab() calls in Groovy, a set of classes leveraging Ivy to allow for a repository driven module system for Groovy. This allows a developer to write a script with an essentially arbitrary library requirement, and ship just the script. Grape will, at runtime, download as needed and link the named libraries and all dependencies forming a transitive closure when the script is run from existing repositories such as Ibiblio, Codehaus, and java.net.

Testing
often Ant / Maven look for *.java files to find unit tests with pattern matching, rather than *.class files.

There's an option in Maven to ensure you search for classes (and so find any Groovy unit test cases) via this property

maven.test.search.classdir = true
Once you've got this enabled you can use Maven goals to run individual test cases like this

maven test:single -Dtestcase=foo.MyGroovyTest


Core Java
All enums implicitly extend java.lang.Enum.  Since Java does not support multiple inheritance, an enum cannot extand anything else.
An interface name can be used anywhere a type can be used.

Questions and Exercises: Inheritance
1.a and c incorrect.  How do you hide an inherited method?  It's considered a bad programming practice, but the table in Overriding and Hiding Methods section shows the effect of declaring a method with the same signature as a method in the superclass.
http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/IandI/override.html

You can prevent a class or method from being subclassed by using the final keyword.

The byteValue, shortValue, and similar methods of the Number class convert one numeric type to another. The valueOf method converts a string to a number, and the toString method converts a number to a string.

To format a string containing numbers for output, you can use the printf() or format() methods in the PrintStream class. 

What Integer method would you use to convert a string expressed in base 5 into the equivalent int? For example, how would you convert the string "230" into the integer value 65? Show the code you would use to accomplish this task.

What Double method can you use to detect whether a floating-point number has the special value Not a Number (NaN)?




